User Role: Minnesota wildlife recreational hunter

User story 1: As a hunter, I want to be able to identify the counties in Minnesota with the most 
reports of chronic wastings disease in white-tailed deer, so that I can avoid those areas and minimize
my risk of eating unsafe venison.

Acceptance criteria: User is able to search for specific disease and species, and site is able to return 
a list of the counties with the most reports of the specified disease in the specified species, along 
with the total number affected.

    Acceptance test 1 - If 'chronic wastings disease' and 'white-tailed deer' is searched by user, test will 
    pass if site returns a list of the specific Minnesota counties with whie-tailed deer cases of chonic wastings 
    disease, ordered from most animals affected to least animals affected. 

    Acceptance test 2 - If there are no counties where white-tailed deer were reported to have chronic wastings
    disease, the site will return "there are no counties where white-tailed deer have been reported to have chronic 
    wastings disease".


User story 2: As a hunter, I want to be able to identify which specific duck species are most affected by parasitism in Minnesota.

Acceptance criteria: Site should be able to filter by user-input disease, sum the total number of affected by species, and return 
a list of affected species organized from highest to lowest number affected.

    Acceptance test 1 - If one valid species is input, site will return an ordered list of every species along with a reported infection by 
    that disease, ordered from highest to lowest total reported affected.

    Acceptance test 2 - If no species is affected by user-input disease, site will return "no species have been reported to have 
    been affected by [disease] in Minnesota".


User story 3: As a hunter, I want to be able to search which have been the top diseases plaguing turkeys in the past year so that I 
can search for the counties where those diseases have been reported in turkeys.

Acceptance criteria: A certain time-frame can be searched within the database, given a valid filter.

    Acceptance test 1 - Given a valid start date, end date, and a valid species, a list of the diseases which have been reported for
    only that specific species will be output.

    Acceptance test 2 - If a date before 1992 or after 2023 is input, site will output - "time range is invalid".
